Doc: Suggested changes to the first steps tutorial (#13241)
canonical/lxd: doc/tutorial/first_steps.md

After going through these steps, you will have a general idea of how to use LXD, and you can start exploring more advanced use cases!

   ```{note}

>    Ensure that you have 20MiB free disk space before starting this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Ensure that you have 20 MiB free disk space before starting this tutorial.
```

Reviewer: Also, the full note should not be indented (not sure how this shows up, probably as a blockquote?).

Author: That figure came from experimentation - first attempt had only 15 GiB free; so the creation of `ubuntu-vm` failed. I then added 10 GiB space, and all was fine. Then reduced the available space by 5 GiB, all still worked.

Reviewer 2: So that's GiB not MiB?

Reviewer: Good catch Tom, I didn't even notice. 👍

Author: Thanks for picking that up!
